Partner keys in browser flow (#159)
vippsas/vipps-login-api: vipps-login-api.md

> In addition to the normal Authentication, we offer [Partner keys](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-partner/blob/main/partner-keys.md) which lets a partner make API calls on behalf of a merchant.

Reviewer: Changed to Docusaurus:
```suggestion
In addition to the normal Authentication, we offer [Partner keys](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/docs/vipps-partner/partner-keys) which lets a partner make API calls on behalf of a merchant.
```

Reviewer 2: Makes sense!

Partners must fetch an access token to use as authentication.

### Partner key in the browser flow

#### Authorization endpoint

To initiate a login as partner, send Merchant Serial Number as a `msn` query parameter instead of `client_id`.

```http request
GET https://api.vipps.no/access-management-1.0/access/oauth2/auth?msn={Merchant-Serial-Number}&response_type=code&scope={scopes}&state={state}&redirect_uri={redirect_uri}
```

#### Token endpoint

1. Fetch [access_token](https://github.com/vippsas/vipps-ecom-api/blob/master/vipps-ecom-api.md#userinfo-call-by-call-guide)
2. Use the access token in the `Authorization` header `Bearer access_token`
3. Add the `Merchant-Serial-Number` header with the target merchant serial number

**Example request:**

```http request
POST https://api.vipps.no/access-management-1.0/access/oauth2/token
Authorization: Bearer askdjhasdkjashjkdhaskjdh
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded
Merchant-Serial-Number: 12345

grant_type=authorization_code&code={authorization_code}&redirect_uri={redirect_uri}
```

### Partner in Vipps Login from phone number flow

The `Merchant-Serial-Number` must be sent in the header of all API requests.

> #### Call guide

Reviewer: Maybe "Call by call guide", like we have in other APIs?

Author: @cloveras 
Is it regarding the name or the actual call by call guide?

Author: I would leave like this, as it's a general call guide, not broken down into separate requests.
